Sunday night, 21:04 hrs. It was a boring, long and uneventful Sunday. Just the way I like it.

Started the day by skipping half of the morning. Got up at 10:00 hrs. Had a weird bonda-bread (the vada from vada-pav and bread, toasted together).

Tried to half a detox sunday, tried to lay off the Youtube and Netflix binges. However failed by 13:00 hrs. I say a hour long Youtube video. They just fooking slept. I was having awesome action sequence dreams when Soma called.

She had safely reached her parents house and was all taught up on her sleep so she called me.  I woke, freshed up and called her back. Had a long phone call with her. Always nice talking to her. Rare time when both her parents were not in the house so she could talk freely.

After that, I got to studying, did a couple of DSA questions. Finished basic-maths, basic-arrays. Now have reached Basic hashmaps. It is good that I started with the revision so early cause I am pretty fooking behind. 

Also yesterday I forgot to mention that I had margarita pizza for the first time. I was aight. Soma's expert advice was to order the cheese blast version next time. Which I will when I order it next time. It was much lighter than the regular pizza I usually have. It might be nicer step towards eating lesser I guess. Sounds counter intuitive, when I say that I will order a cheese pizza with extra cheese.

Towards the night, had a regular light dinner and Mom made some Atta Halwa. I also did not forget to shampoo and shave. 
Tried out the single blade. It was a pretty good blade. Has to be one of the simplest and fastest shave I had in a while. It was mostly cause I did not have to bother with all the hair getting stuck between the blades. It was a much quicker shave without always banging the blade to get the tiny hairs out of there.

Great, done for tonight. It is a school night, have to work tomorrow so gotto to go to bed earlier. GG






