## Saturday Night. 22:30 hrs

It is a quiet night. No one at home. Mom and Dad have gone to some part again. I am alone at home. I think the emotion I am supposed to be feeling is called loneliness. However I find these night pretty nice.
 
It is one of the rare long weekends, but unfortunately Soma is not here. She is traveling to her parents house for some interview. She has taken the train and will probably be there tomorrow.

I had being wanting to come back to the journalling for a while now. Fortunately, I went back on the internet one last time to research for the best cross platform journalling solution before running off to make one on my own. The engineer inside me always want to make the entire products on my own just cause their isn't that's perfected fitted to my needs.

Also I finally started doing DSA back again. It is a pain to relearn how t code in my new 40% keyboard, but I am hopeful that I can get used to it maybe in a weeks or twos time. Python is easy as very to pick back up. My brain has really degraded cause of leaving the DSA (thinking) and AI has really degraded my thinking. Need to really start thinking for longer times and harder. I need to probably de-dopamine-fy my brain from all these content consumptions, learn to get bored without looking at a new tab or screen to give me brain that hit of content. My brain is turning itself (and hence me also) into a content drug addict.

I had started watching the Netflix show called Dexter. I don't know what is with these shows or why I like seeing psychopathic, highly intelligent people always engrossed into their work, I find them every intriguing. 
Also something which seem to be common among these people is that they lobe to monologue and/or journal their work is some way or the other.

That is also one of the motivations me to start journalling ... again. I had started in the past but that only lasted a few days. I blame the lack of motivation, plus life isn't always that exciting and I am no writer.

On a completely different note, there is a lizard which comes out to hunt in in the dinning table. Think it lives behind the TV, comes out to eat the little flying insects. Other people might be disgusted or even scared of it (I mean, it has gotten big and fat) but to me I kinda enjoy looking it at. Maybe I'll be one of those people who likes to have reptiles at pets. Them seem so distant, silent, deadly... like me I guess.

This is a nice, think I will try to keep this up at least for 2 weeks. See ya tomorrow journal. Can't even spelling fucking journel write had to retype it ever fooking time.