## Thursday Morning, 09:05 hrs

Well, it seems like I am writing yesterday's journal today. Anyways...

Nothing much happened significantly yesterday. I completed the basic problems playlist in the TUF+ website. There was a birthday party celebration at the 4th floor. Had Samosa and Jalebi there. Chaitanya getting scolded again, all the usual stuff happening.

Yesterday, I got late cause this guy was getting scolded for so long. Then I had to call mom to come pick me up cause I was too tired and late.

Mom and Dad are leaving today afternoon to go my Dad's college reunion. It aight, mom is a little worried about me how I would survive alone at home. But I had to remind her that I survived VIT and the living in sharing for like 3 months. If I can survive that shit, I am basically survive anything at this point.

I finished listening to the ThePrimeagen podcast. I wasn't thinking that I would enjoy it too much, but there was something about it. I don't know, what exactly about it was I really wanted to listen to it. I was like this whole new way of looking at things, in general. Like a new perspective at life, a new way to look at programming and my job. The pursuit of knowledge and hard skills. It was really great about hearing the raw input of this guy I really admire talk about his personal life, experiences and the way he sees and processes the world around him.
Think I would like to listen some more of Lex's Podcast, Think I would get a nice perspective of many other great developers. The host is himself a coder and he is able to invite many huge names in the programming world to come to his podcast.

On good news, Soma's spots have started to die and falling off, she seems to be finally on the recovery path from chicken pox.

Also, I think I heard on the chat that ThePrimeagen had with DHH, was that maybe people don't like or enjoy their work tool which is like their computer or their editor itself and hence it seems like they don't like their job in general. And I just feel like I got like really lucky in that aspect.

Right in my first job, I was giving the freedom to not only change my operating system, but also I can bring in my own keyboard and spend time learning it. I also was able to finally make the switch to fulltime using neovim as my default editor and now my triple monitor setup looks awesome. 
My personalizations to my Omarchy (Arch Linux + HyperLand btw) to it's Waybar, lockscreen, terminal background, fonts, themes make it look so good and awesome and tailored to my liking that I really enjoy playing (working, actually like doing my days work) in it that I long to get back to it. 

Maybe it is this psychological effect which also helps me really like my job. Probably has the most significant impact. Cause I like to make work on my machine that is why I like to work for so much more than my coworker. Also new better ways to code, to make websites and making things more simpler and not more complex, really makes me excited and makes me learn more and more about modern technologies and how to use them to the best of their uses. 