## Wednesday, Morning 09:00 hrs

Welp. Already 2 days of writing my journal missed and I am writing this one in the morning. Jai Ho long distance workplaces. Just sucks away everything, energy, time and what not. Pretty sure I would be again too tired to write this entry at night so gonna write some of it at least in the morning. 

Yesterday was a ... different day than my usual routine. The work at the job was the same. I am also continuing to work on my DSA. Have reached my nightmare (recursion) basics. After that I rushed back home cause there was a Salman Ali concert at the US club. I for some reason I had enough energy to go to the concert and stay awake till like 22:45 hrs. 
Salman Ali was great. The first time in my life I actually enjoyed a live singing concert. Others are just worse than the original. Makes sense that he won Indian Idol 10, you can hear the practice and hours he has put into his singing just from the sheer control he has over his vocals. 
I too aspire to be like that someday when I don't need to tell people that I am cracked at my job, just by looking at the way I work should be enough to tell people that I am really good at my job.

I have started listening to **Lex Fridman** podcasts lately. I mean I have just started to listen to one of them. It was with my favorite programmer and code-youtuber **ThePrimeagen**
It is 5 hours long so I have only gone through like 1.5 hrs of it. Till now they have talked about normal life stuff. Like how was his life story from a overview perspective, how was his struggles with high-school (10, 11, 12 standards for people like us), with addictions and substance abuse. I was not really interested in those things, I really wanted to know how did he get so good at programming and being able to build whatever he wants with programming, something I still cannot fathom doing...even with all this AI and help our generations has.

However, the section about high-school was very relatable, you already know how I was in school, social discarded, ignored, always left like a outsider and no one to talk to so zero confidence. He was also pretty much the same and both Lex and he agreed the it is the weird ones who become good in life rather than the people who have it easy during those years.

Also he's education also highlighted the massive gap between our indian education system and theirs. What was being taught to us in college, was being taught to him in school, and what is probably taught to us in real life jobs or those education companies (things like algorithms, actually programming working machines which people use in various fields, DSA, etc) was actually taught to him in college as compared to me learning all this literally after come out of college. No reason no one in India is able to develop anything close to what people in foreign are (casually) capable of.